Week 1 25/3-2022

what do I want to learn or understand better?
I want to learn more about scrum, how to efficiently work in a team.

how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I can help my team with coding problems, and using good communication
so they learn. 

what is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Attend the group meatings. Do my assignment for the sprints as good as possible.

what is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Attending the friday meating where we drafted the social contract and created github repositroy.

Week 2 1/4 - 2022

What do I want to learn or understand better?
I want to become better in React and TypeScript beacuse we chose to do the project in them languages.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
I think i have a decent understanding in React and TypeScript so i can help the team members who haven't done anyting in React and TypeScript before.
But this week we havent done any coding so i think creating a mockup to help sara who made a mockup see my perspective of the website too.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Not much haven't really started doing anything in scrum at this momment.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
I created a mockup of how i thought the website/app should look. We all created a business model and
 project description together on the friday meeting we had.


Week 3 8/4 - 2022

What do I want to learn or understand better?
I want to be better at writing good user storys and not too large as i often realize i write too big user storys almost epics.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
Help people with React and understanding the component library Chakra UI. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Wrote user storys and defenition of done and code style document. 

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Did my user story and split our initial document where we had everything documented into smaller.
One DOD, group meating notes, code style document. 


Week 4 22/4 - 2022
What do I want to learn or understand better?
Starting to understand react and typescript better and better. I want to put more work into scrum next week.
So i can help the team more in the sprints so we dont take too little or to much work upon our selfs in each sprint.

How can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
We did pair programming on this weeks user story to filter exercises with bilal and hedda. 
I helped them understand some react and typescript.
Next week i can push the team by trying to take on more work so we can make the product as good as possible.

What is my contribution towards the team’s use of Scrum?
Being part of the meetings and trying to clear things up with the team, so we all have the same vision for the product.

What is my contribution towards the team’s deliveries?
Did my user story and the team reflection